Create ui-c8y-1020-28-10-upgraded-angular-gettext-tools-to-fix-vulnerabilities-found-in-nth-check.md (#2477)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-28-10-upgraded-angular-gettext-tools-to-fix-vulnerabilities-found-in-nth-check.md

---
date: ""

> title: Upgrade angular-gettext-tools to fix vulnerabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Upgraded angular-gettext-tools library to fix vulnerabilities
```

> title: Upgraded `angular-gettext-tools` to fix vulnerabilities found in `nth-check` and `cheerio` (#7214)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Upgrade angular-gettext-tools to fix vulnerabilities
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58403
version: 1020.28.10
---

> Upgraded `angular-gettext-tools` to fix vulnerabilities found in `nth-check` and `cheerio` (#7214)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The angular-gettext-tools library is used to extract translatable strings from source code in the Cumulocity UI. Security vulnerabilities were discovered in the nth-check and cheerio dependencies of angular-gettext-tools. To address these vulnerabilities, angular-gettext-tools has been upgraded to a newer version that includes fixed versions of the affected dependencies. This change is not expected to have any impact on the functionality of the Cumulocity UI.
```

> The angular-gettext-tools library is used to extract translatable strings from source code in the Cumulocity UI. Security vulnerabilities were discovered in the nth-check and cheerio dependencies of angular-gettext-tools. To address these vulnerabilities, angular-gettext-tools has been upgraded to a newer version that includes fixed versions of the affected dependencies. This change is not expected to have any impact on the functionality of the Cumulocity UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The angular-gettext-tools library is used to extract translatable strings from the source code in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} UI. Security vulnerabilities were discovered in the nth-check and cheerio dependencies of angular-gettext-tools. To address these vulnerabilities, angular-gettext-tools has been upgraded to a newer version that includes fixed versions of the affected dependencies. This change is not expected to have any impact on the functionality of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} UI.
```
